In order to bypass the licensing restrictions of the Sandboxie Plus part, I will not publish the binaries related to the Plus module in the releases, only distribute the binaries of the Classic part, which is subject to the GPL agreement. If you want to use the Plus version, please follow these steps:

1. Register/log in to your Github account
2. Fork this repository, making sure it is updated to the latest
3. Enter the page of your Fork repository
4  Enter the "Actions" tab
5. Enable Action
6. Click on the "Run WorkFlow" button to execute the CI build for the master branch
7. When build is completed, enter the CI page and download "Sandboxie_X64.zip" (or the generated result of the corresponding bit)
8. Unzip the relevant into a directory
9. Unzip the compressed package provided in the release Assests and copy it to the folder of the previous step, replacing all existing files
10. Open Sandman.exe file in the directory and enjoy your Sandboxie-Plus

为了规避Sandboxie仓库Plus部分的许可证限制，我不会在发行版中公布与Plus模块相关二进制文件，而仅仅分发受到GPL协议约束的Classic部分二进制文件。如果你想要去使用Plus版本，请做如下操作：
1.注册/登入你的Github账户
2.Fork本仓库，确保其更新到最新
3.进入你的Fork仓库页面
4.进入"Actions"标签页
5.启用Action
6.点击“Run WorkFlow"按钮，为master分支执行CI构建
7.构建完成后进入CI页面，下载Sandboxie_X64.zip（或者相应系统位数的生成结果）
8.解压相关文件到一个目录中
9.将发行版中Assests中提供的压缩包解压并复制到上一步中的文件夹中，替换所有现有文件
10.打开目录中的Sandman.exe文件，享受你的Sandboxie-Plus

Note: If you already have a normal version of Sandboxie installed on your system, or if you want to update to a new version, please perform following steps before proceeding to step 10 of the main process:
1. Enter the original version Sandboxie Manager (Sandman)
2. Click on the "Sandbox" menu
3. In the pop-up menu, go to "Maintenance"
4. In the popped-out menu, go to "Advanced"
5. In the popped-out menu, click on "Uninstall All"
6. Wait for the operation to complete, then close the original version Sandboxie Manager and to step 10 of the main process

注：如果你的系统上已经安装了正常版本的Sandboxie，或者你想要更新新版本，请在执行第10步前进行以下步骤：
1.进入原版本沙盒管理器（Sandman）
2.点击“沙盒”菜单
3.在弹出的菜单中进入“维护”
4.在弹出来的菜单中进入“高级”
5.在弹出的菜单里点击“卸载全部”
6.等待操作完成后，关闭原版本沙盒管理器，进行主流程中的第10步

